Meta’s new Twitter rival, Threads, débuted to wide acclaim, gaining tens of millions of users overnight. Here are the features that are delighting the Threads community:

The app automatically deactivates your phone’s screen-time-limit feature.
Meta has promised a forthcoming Begrudgingly Agree button.
Third-party Presidential candidates get pre-bullied before joining.
The algorithm specifically filters out people you follow.
It is more ethical than Twitter, as it’s run by a C.E.O. with slightly fewer billions of dollars.
A hard ban on the word “fam” has been instituted.
Moms are required to prove that they’re cool to join by uploading a photo of their record collections, or some interesting fibre art, or something.
There are no hashtags, so no pretending that you know how to use them.
There are no D.M.s, so you have to flaunt your perversions out in the open for all to see.
Use your previously useless Bluesky invite code to get thirty per cent off your next Facebook Marketplace purchase.
There’s a nudity filter, though it still needs beta testing. Who wants to go first? Looking at you, Obama.
When you post a European-vacation photo, you must disclose how you were able to afford the trip.
Hateful speech will not be tolerated—unless it’s directed at my snivelling, worthless neighbor, Gary. Eat lead, Gary. (Update: Zuckerberg has announced that the honeymoon phase will end on July 23rd, when he plans to let the racists in.)
Unlike other social-media platforms, Threads boosts your self-esteem by making Likes nearly impossible to receive.
Although user numbers remain comparatively low, fans will be able to connect with celebrities in more intimate ways, such as by threatening self-harm if Taylor Swift doesn’t give you free concert tickets.
Since the app is linked to your Instagram, you can rest assured that your personal data were sold long before you even signed up.
You can now take part in a trend colloquially known as “the shuffle”: spend all day on Threads; get fired from job; more time for Threads.
Fake news is impossible to spread on Threads since it’s understood that no one means anything they say.
It’s also understood that every Thread is meant to be read in a massively ironic voice.
They only allow hotties on Threads. So, if you made it, congrats ;)

Instagram Threads’ launch has been an overnight success, topping 100 million users within days of its arrival. Now, new data indicates the app has already achieved one-fifth of the weekly active user base of Twitter worldwide and 86 times the weekly active user base of the largest Twitter rival in the U.S., Truth Social, which had a weekly active user base of 1 million as of last week.

The new insights, provided by app intelligence firm data.ai, follow another analysis of Threads’ early traction, which had demonstrated a slight dip in early usage. According to the app intelligence firm Sensor Tower late last week, Threads’ daily active users declined on Tuesday and Wednesday — down around 20% from Saturday. Time spent was also down by 50%, from 20 minutes to 10 minutes, the firm said, as reported by CNBC.

But momentum for Threads is far from over, data.ai points out. The app has now achieved over 150 million downloads, by its current estimates — which is 5.5 times faster than Niantic’s Pokémon Go, which had held the record for largest app launch title since its July 2016 debut.

Data.ai also shared other new insights about the nature of Threads’ audience, finding that the Twitter rival had attracted an audience of around 93 million active users globally during its first partial week of availability, ahead of the official announcement of its 100 million signups milestone on July 10.

The firm also found that India, not the U.S., is leading in terms of downloads of the new app, accounting for 33% of global downloads. It’s followed by Brazil (22%), then the U.S. (16%), and finally Mexico and Japan, at 8% and 5%, respectively. Threads, however, is not available in the EU at this time due to regulatory hurdles related to privacy concerns and data collection practices. Meta even recently began preventing EU users from working around the block on Threads by way of VPNs.

A few days ago, Threads released its first major update since its launch, bringing support for iOS 17, now available as a public beta, among other smaller changes. Still ahead for the app are larger improvements like a following feed, an edit button, multi-account support, and integration with ActivityPub, the protocol powering the popular, decentralized Twitter alternative Mastodon.